Parse email 0.1.36 (#39830)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_19_53.md

#### Scripts

##### ParseEmailFilesV2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/parse-emails:1.0.0.3319618*.

> - Fixed an issue where file_type was incorrectly detected as "AMUSIC Adlib Tracker".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where YML files were incorrectly detected as "AMUSIC Adlib Tracker" type.
```
